well howdy there internet people is Bo
in we're inside today cuz it's raining
and I got to burn something that's
really important I get it burned today
now I don't own Nikes cuz I don't like
the company for a whole bunch of reasons
but I don't force my views on my son so
he's got some Nikes we're gonna burn yes
dad no boy you know how important it is
that I've burned these today if I don't
burn these shoes then the sky cloth
isn't gonna create any Liberty the next
time the magic song plays like you don't
know anything about freedom or even
basic witchcraft I taught you better
than that in case you can't tell I'm not
really gonna burn any shoes cuz that's
stupid that's that's that those are the
actions of some manchild whose emotional
and entitled and too stupid to really
think about things if you're that mad
and you feel like you can't wear a pair
of Nikes because of the fact that some
multinational company did a commercial
you don't like take them drop them off
at a shelter maybe give them to a
homeless vet you know those people who
pretend you care about take them put
them in a thrift store near a post you
know near a military base
so those enlisted guys who are on food
stamps so maybe their kids can get some
decent shoes just a fall now I got some
questions though when you're burning
these shoes are you trying to insult the
kids and have sweatshops that made them
all those years the slave labor and it
was back at Stan picking a cotton or
using that at the people on top symbol
right you just mad you know you don't
really care about the worker so you're
gonna burn a symbol of them get where
I'm going with this it sounds a whole
lot like what all those boys have been
burning the American flag you say it's a
symbol it's a way to draw attention to
another cause
so maybe you should think about that
just a little bit but I do have another
question it's really more of a statement
if you're mad about this and you're
willing to disassociate with Nike
because of you know their their their
commercial with the guy who nailed
during the magic song but you don't have
a problem with sweatshops the slave
labor that they've used all those years
it's what built that company you don't
really get to have an opinion about
freedom because you don't know what it
is it's one of those things you're
loving that symbol of freedom more than
you love freedom you all have a good day